Release v7.1.1 (#606)
bugsnag/bugsnag-unity: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## 7.1.1 (2022-09-05)

Reviewer: 5th Sep?

### Dependency updates

* Update bugsnag-android from v5.24.0 to [v5.26.0](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-android/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#5260-2022-08-18)
* Update bugsnag-cocoa from v6.19.0 to [v6.22.2](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-cocoa/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#6222-2022-08-17)

### Bug fixes

* Added DontSave HideFlags to gameObjects created by the Bugsnag SDK to negate the chances of them making scenes dirty in the editor.
  [#604](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-unity/pull/604)

> * Fixed compilation errors when building with IL2CPP for Android after chenges to the Unity API BlockCopy method caused complications

Reviewer: Typo + should we say the exception rather than the more vague "complications"? Or perhaps its not as straightforward?

```suggestion
* Fixed compilation errors when building with IL2CPP for Android after changes to the Unity API `BlockCopy` method caused `ArgumentException`
```
